#Kimberly Morrison's Ada Application
##[theedutchess@gmail.com](theedutchess@gmail.com)
##Essay Questions
<ol><li>Why are you interested in programming?  What have you done to expose yourself to programming so far? <p>I'm interested in programming because I don't understand it, but want to.  My computer is like a treasure box with a combination lock I can't quite crack.  In my spare time, I enjoy problem solving and puzzles (jigsaw and crossword, especially) and coding sounds like a new kind of puzzle.  The success of the #ShoutYourAbortion campaign (which would have been impossible without modern technology) really drove home for me how little I know about my computer's capabilities.  Today, I don't have programming skills, and while resourceful, I feel a guided program will best help me learn.  The Ada program is attractive to me because I'm someone who learns by doing and I'm always looking to do more.  The more I know, the more powerful I am.
<li>What are your professional goals for the next 2 years, the next 5 years?<p>As a touring musician, I was unable/unwilling to put that passion of mine on hold to participate in any sort of long-term schooling.  Hence, I've been stuck in a rut of service industry jobs, as they don't require much skill and are easily acquired.  I'd like to continue to focus on music, but through my work with RCRC instead of slugging it out on the road in various bars.  Programming will allow me to travel on my own terms, work from any location, and free up time so that I can volunteer.  It's hard to say what my professional goals are in the next 5 years; I've always been the "go with the flow" type.  My main goal is to enter a profession that is intellectually stimulating and financially lucrative.  I want to learn and be challenged every day.  I want to be able to support myself more comfortably while continuing to empower young women through music and all other available avenues.  I want a slightly more traditional work schedule, a secure profession, and guaranteed pay.  I definitely do NOT want to still be bartending in 5 years.
<li>Tell us about a time you made a mistake that you learned a lot from.  If you encountered the situation again, what would you do differently?<p>The mistake I've made the most in life, but am learning with age and experience to make with less frequency, is doubting myself.  I can really get a lot accomplished with an open mind and a positive attitude. 
<li>Have you taught yourself anything before?  Describe what you learned and how you approached it<p>I taught myself to play guitar!  Someone showed me how to make a barre chord, and I learned to slide it up and down the neck to make different chords. From there, I subscribed to a guitar magazine and learned to read tablature.  I would also listen to my favorite bands and strum along until I found the right chords.  Now I am teaching other people to play guitar!  My frustration at not knowing how ended up being one of my most valuable tools when it came to learning to play.  Being able to see my progress drove me to practice constantly, and that repetition quickly turned to skill.
